/// INSTALLATION ///

Put the "Hot Beverage Inc" folder into your "KSP\Gamedata" folder.



///PART DESCRIPTIONS ///


=== KERTURN IB ===

Want to go to the Mun, but you are too afraid to risk it all on the first go?

Fear not, mere mortal! The godlike interns, err...kerbgineers of Hot Beverage Inc. have you covered!

Next to the perfect booster for some LKO messing about with the Kerpollo (only partially included), 
you'll also get a lot of bang for your nonexistable funds!

Modeled and scales after specs found scribbled on Wernher von Grün's napkins (potatoes, sauerkraut and sausages, 
by the way), the Kerturn IB embodies the latest great achievement in kerbalneering.
Comprising of two readily exciteable stages and weighing in at more than your mom, it gets you where you need to -
provided you don't let it pogo about (This thing just loves ska and punk rock).

For what you've paid, you'll get a first stage powered by a whopping eight burning bells (Is that the right term?)
with a matching fuel tank to boot!
Next up, you get hollow tubes (aka a kerbgineer's treadmill) to attach your lower stage to the less impressive, but
still trustworthy, nice, versatile, intelligent and acceptably looking (hook it up with that 6/10 friend of yours, 
or your ex) as well as versatile second stage. Powered by a single engine designed by a single kerbgineer who 
singlehandedly attended a single-party on a single occasion wearing only a single sock and got too busy singing singles
to speak to others, err...yeah, one engine.
After a bit of piping and hollow structures for lots of flammable liquids, you're in for a treat...a space flower!
At least that's what the test pilots described it after the N2O leak on the first flight (great hilarity ensued on the
comm channel). Comprised of a baseplate and four petals, the flower will not only shield your cargo (for whatever 
reasons a tank of N2O on the first flight), but, when detached, will float by in a meticuously executed (two days worth
of supercomputer calculations were allegedly needed to get this right) maneuver only millimeters from the capsule's
deci-inch thick skin in a formation resembling a flower with opened petals (duh!).
Should there not be a payload available (come on, there always is - moms-in-law, annoying neighbours, ex-partners,
household trash), HBI will supply you with a truss to fill up the void. Should this truss be not needed, it can also be
used in the construction of space junkyards, err...stations or ground junkyards, err...objects or junkyard
junkya-...junkyards.
To give the appearance of a spacecraft suitable for accomplishing any planned goals, we have also included a storage
container and yet another engine. Yes, that's right. Instead of devoting our time and budget for the construction of an
even bigger booster (There was another napkin. They're everywhere! I could swear that one is stalking us right now!),
we've just spent it in Kerbvegas and left you with these two excuses for a space-rated support and propulsion system.
Don't let the huge bell of the engine fool you. In space, size really does matter! Just look at that stupid star. All
big, bright and shiny, thinking it's the best of the best with its perfectly crisp surface and amazing curves and...
Anyway, to ensure that the engine is not just decoration (this was the actual plan up to the very last second), we've
included a service module containing all the things you need for a two-week mission. Fuel, RCS fuel, fuel cells, Kerbal
fuel, breathing fuel, hydration fuel, electrical fuel, fuel fuel...oh, and books! To alleviate any further boredom
(impossible, as you can have long-term fun with fuel), we've also included deployable communications antennae. Chuckle
away as you deploy and stow, deploy and stow, deploy and stow, etc...them. Bonus points for doing this during the most
critical moments of your flight. Yelling "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH!" shortly before comms and telemetry cut out unlocks
the "CAPCOM heartattack" achievement, by the way.

We're very special Kerbals and we and our parts deserve special treatment (wash at 30°C, not machine washeable, don't
machine dry, iron with caution), so we use only the most special, custom resources. So take care when trying to mix our
propulsion systems with other propulsion systems. Like two animals of the same sex, they just might not get along. For
example, we've observed that our first stage engine got into a bloody fight with our second stage tank after which the
tank got chased off. Then the engine tried to celebrate victory by traing to make with another supplier's decoupler.
It wasn't a pretty sight.

So much for the standard parts. Since we're the most generous outfit on Kerbin, we've also included a very handy adapter
to bolt the second stage to an even larger booster. Aren't we nice? Yes, we are. Come on, say it...saaaaaaay iiiiiiit...
There you go. Good boy.



==== FUEL CELL MODULE ===

These modules are an alternative to solar panels, also offering way better weight and endurance than batteries. They are set to last for 14 (Kerbin) days, so they should be useful for missions for which solar panels are not a suitable option…due to aesthetics or such. Operation is fairly realistic: Hydrogen and oxygen (called “FuelCellFuel” for simplicity) are turned into electricity (ElectricCharge), heat and water (FuelCellWaste, for the latter). Some aspects of real fuel cell operation, like electrical yield, amount of water generated by the process, cooling of the fuel and oxygen, etc…have been simplified or exaggerated for the sake of gameplay.



=== SENSOR MODULE ===

An aesthetically more pleasing way to mount sensors to your ship. Comes with the default gravity, acceleration, temperature and pressure sensors. And goo. Lots of it.





/// Changelog ///


2014/10/10
- Reorganized Kerturn Parts. No more wobbling, I hope
- Added SAS module to Service Module
- Added Antenna module to Service Module
- Part.cfg changes for the Kerturn A2, Kerturn D2 and the service module

2014/xx/xx
Initial





/// LICENSE ///


Hot Beverage Inc., represented by Ph34rb0t (Kind of a dork. Writes long-winded, unfunny product descriptions and doesn't
afraid of anything.), imposes the following license on you:

- Mod and redistribute as you like, BUT credit Ph34rb0t (i.e. me) for his contributions
- No commercial use allowed. Not even hosting on pay-for-access sites
- Complaints go here *points at virtual trash bin and document shredder*
- Have fun. Yes, you've read that right. You HAVE to have fun when using it. WEIL ICH DAS SAGE! [Because I say so!]
